A diamond bracelet costs ten million dollars, three purses, for more than four million.
The decadence of the rich is truly beyond my wildest imagination.
Mr. Thomas of YU Corporation, who had been investigated for corruption, was involved in a car accident while escaping,
and his right hand was permanently disabled.
Hey, if Mrs. White doesn't know how to play, I can teach you!
What is it?
Um, Mr. Miller, Mr. Thomas of YU Company had an accident, did you?
You should be glad to have lost only one hand.
The word has it that Mr. Miller is restless and cruel.
What? Scared?
No, I'm not.
Are you sure?
It doesn't matter what the rumors say about Mr. Miller, being ruthless or what.
That Mr. Miller I know smiles softly when speaking of his wife,
and prefers gifts, no matter how busy he's at work, any defenses, board units,
and I'm a resistant and not your enemy. Why should I be afraid of you?
Do you think I'm promiscuous or a man within your reach?
I just want to add you as friend on WeChat's app.
Beat it.
A woman she has to make Mr. Miller diss faithful.